# Questions

## What's `stdint.h`?

It's a header that shall declare sets of integer with specific width and define corresponding sets of macroses.

## What's the point of using `uint8_t`, `uint32_t`, `int32_t`, and `uint16_t` in a program?

To declare signed/unsigned integers with specific width. We use them when know the exact size of required integers.

## How many bytes is a `BYTE`, a `DWORD`, a `LONG`, and a `WORD`, respectively?

BYTE - 8 bits(1 byte); DWORD - 32 bits (4 bytes); LONG - 32 bits (4 bytes); WORD - 16 bits (2 bytes)

## What (in ASCII, decimal, or hexadecimal) must the first two bytes of any BMP file be? Leading bytes used to identify file formats (with high probability) are generally called "magic numbers."

First two bytes normally represents file format.
For example: (0x4d42 in hexadecimal), (270413 in decinmal) or (BM in ASCII).

## What's the difference between `bfSize` and `biSize`?

bfSize - the size of the bitmap file (It's mean whole size of file, including headers and image)
biSize - the size of the structure (BITMAPINFOHEADER only)

## What does it mean if `biHeight` is negative?

When biHeight is positive -  the bitmap is a bottom-up DIB and its origin is the lower-left corner. 
(it's mean that pixels stored from bottom to top and started from lower-left corner).
When biHeight is negative - the bitmap is a top-down DIB and its origin is the upper-left corner.
(it's mean that pixels stoped from top to bottom and started from upper-left corner).

## What field in `BITMAPINFOHEADER` specifies the BMP's color depth (i.e., bits per pixel)?

biBitCount - determines the number of bits that define each pixel and the maximum number of colors in the bitmap
(Values can be: 0; 1; 4; 8; 16; 24; 32)

## Why might `fopen` return `NULL` in lines 24 and 32 of `copy.c`?

1) If the the file is not exist.
2) If you don't have rights to access to the file (File protected).
3) If file already open and you don't permit (File "Read-Only" or "Write-Protected"). 

## Why is the third argument to `fread` always `1` in our code? (For example, see lines 40, 44, and 75.)

'1' - mean that it will read '1' element of data (this element have size that we defined as 2nd 
(f.e BITMAPFILEHEADER)) from 4th element (f.e inptr) and then store them in location given by 1st element 
(f.e &bf)

## What value does line 63 of `copy.c` assign to `padding` if `bi.biWidth` is `3`?

int padding = (4 - (bi.biWidth * sizeof(RGBTRIPLE)) % 4) % 4;
int padding = (4 - (3 * 3) % 4) %4;                        //sizeof(RGBTRIPLE) - is also 3
So the value of 'padding' is 3

## What does `fseek` do?

'fseek' - sets the file position indicator on other position.
For Example:
fseek(inptr, padding, SEEK_CUR); 
Will move position indicator (cursor) in file 'inptr' from current position (SEEK_CUR) by
some steps 'padding' (should be digits) forward (+) or backward (-).
So in 'copy.c' it will move forward to skip padding.

## What is `SEEK_CUR`?

It's a constant that specifies the offset is relative to the current indicator position.
